The aim of the game is for you to collect as much gold as possible, and get 
it and the gem back to the tent You will only score points for these items 
when they are actually dropped in the tent NOTE that the game ends when you 
drop the gem in the tent, so if you want to acquire the maximum score you 
should leave this until the end 
 
At the start of the game you are at the entrance to the mines You will find 
the tent to the right, your Landrover to the left, and a number of oxygen 
bottles, batteries and spades scattered at your feet You will already be 
holding and using 1 oxygen bottle and 1 battery displayed on the right of the 
screen; and m addition to these you will be carrying 1 spare oxygen bottle. 1 
spare battery and 1 spade which are displayed at the bottom of the screen 
 
You may choose to carry 4 items with you at a time To pick up another item 
move your man above and slightly to the left of the item you wish to select 
and then press the SPACE-BAR to enter selection mode You should then move the 
Right or Left keys or joystick position so that the red bar at the bottom of 
your screen moves to an empty position Press T or the Fire-button to take the 
obiect 
 
If you press SPACE-BAR by mistake and do not want to pick anything up. just 
press the Up key or move the joystick up to exit the selection mode To drop an 
object move your man to a clear piece of ground, press the SPACE-BAR. then 
move the red bar under the item you wish to drop and press T or the 
Fire-button To swop an object that you are carrying for one on the ground, 
first move above the object, press SPACE-BAR. then move the red bar under the 
item you wish to swop and press T or the Fire-button 
 
A number of obstacles await you in the caves Some of these, like the green 
slime, the spiders that come down on a thread, and the dragon's flames, are 
instantly fatal Others, like the bats, the scorpions, and the spiders that 
scurry along the corridors may be killed if you are carrying a spade when you 
run into them. Note that when you are climbing the ladders you cannot also use 
your spade and so may be killed To prevent this you should stop your man 
climbing and face sideways while you are fightmg-off the attack Some of the 
tunnels are flooded, and you can only pass through these while you still have 
some oxygen in your tank (displayed on the right of the screen). 
 
Your air supply goes down steadily while you are in the water If you run out 
of oxygen when you are 